adjust PII guides content (#653)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Integration-Guides/data-privacy/changes-in-vtex-features-behavior-to-handle-pii-data.md

---
title: "Changes in VTEX features behavior to handle PII data"
slug: "changes-in-vtex-features-behavior-to-handle-pii-data"
hidden: true
createdAt: "2022-02-22T22:29:28.541Z"

> updatedAt: "2023-05-16T09:38:36.446Z"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updatedAt: "2023-05-16T09:38:36.446Z"
seeAlso:
 - "/docs/guides/pii-data-architecture-specifications"
 - "/docs/guides/data-residency"
 - "/docs/guides/profile-system"
 - "/docs/guides/limitations-of-the-pii-data-architecture-during-closed-beta"
```

| Send payment notification  | `POST` [/api/oms/pvt/orders/{orderId}/payments/{paymentId}/payment-notification](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api/#post-/api/oms/pvt/orders/-orderId-/payments/-paymentId-/payment-notification) | `POST` [/api/orders/pvt/document/{orderId}/payment/{paymentId}/notify-payment](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api-pii-version#post-/api/orders/pvt/document/-orderId-/payment/-paymentId-/notify-payment) | No                  |

#### Orders Admin interface

The PII rules have also been applied to the [Orders List (Beta)](https://help.vtex.com/tutorial/order-list-beta--2QTduKHAJMFIZ3BAsi6Pi) and [Order details](https://help.vtex.com/tutorial/order-details-page-beta--2Y75n54Cc9VizrlG1N6ZNl) pages. The pages have been adjusted so that:

- By default, the account will see all data masked.
- Searches by name only work with the shopper's full name.
- Searches by document only work with the shopper's full document ID.

It is possible to configure PII preferences on OMS' interface of your VTEX Admin, by following these instructions:

> 1. In your VTEX Admin, in the **Orders** menu, then **All Orders**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access the VTEX Admin, go to the **Orders** menu, then click **All Orders**.
```

### Customer Credit

Currently, the [Customer Credit](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/customer-credit-overview--1uIqTjWxIIIEW0COMg4uE0) feature is not supported.

> 
> ## Learn more
> 
> - [PII Data Architecture specifications](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/pii-data-architecture-specifications)
> - [Data residency](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/data-residency)
> - [Data subject rights](https://help.vtex.com/tutorial/data-subject-rights--6imchxTx09icupKMbzHVIM)
> - [Profile System integration guide](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/profile-system)
> - [Limitations of the PII data architecture during closed beta](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/limitations-of-the-pii-data-architecture-during-closed-beta)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
